Zhang Lang is crazy
Treat Miss Lin Wenli well, Mr. Yang
Don't worry.
Today, we brothers must convince Miss Lin
Oral yes
And let Miss Lin want to die
Hahahaha
What is the ability of the second and first year of college?
Another shotgun?
Well, it's your day of death anyway
Then we brothers will satisfy your little one.
Ask brother to rest first
Let me take a look at this.
Ah brother, please move your muscles and bones first.
Is that all you can do?
The punch is like scratching an itch
Are you still boxing?
Change careers to be a massage lady
Don't worry.
We brothers would like to be your first customer.
Hahahaha
Ya Ya
Yeah.
Ah, eighty or ninety, this is KO
Hahahaha
How about today?
You two brothers
Are you all done?
It's all agreed
Kill this girl, both of them
To take the blame, the money has been sent to him.